docs/installation.rst, before:

.. highlight:: shell

============
Installation
============


Stable release
--------------

To install dask-image, run this command in your terminal:

.. code-block:: console

    $ conda install -c conda-forge dask-image

This is the preferred method to install dask-image, as it will always install
the most recent stable release.

If you don't have `conda`_ installed, you can download and install it with the
`Anaconda distribution here`_.

Alternatively, you can install dask-image with pip:

.. code-block:: console

    $ python -m pip install dask-image

If you don't have `pip`_ installed, this `Python installation guide`_
can guide you through the process.

.. _conda: https://conda.io/en/latest/
.. _Anaconda distribution here: https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/
.. _pip: https://pip.pypa.io
.. _Python installation guide:
http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/installation/


From sources
------------

The sources for dask-image can be downloaded from the `Github repo`_.

You can either clone the public repository:

.. code-block:: console

    $ git clone git://github.com/dask/dask-image

Or download the `tarball`_:

.. code-block:: console

    $ curl  -OL https://github.com/dask/dask-image/tarball/main

Once you have a copy of the source, you can install it with:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cd dask-image
    $ python -m pip install .


.. _Github repo: https://github.com/dask/dask-image
.. _tarball: https://github.com/dask/dask-image/tarball/main

Commit message:

Recommend miniforge installer in docs

docs/installation.rst, after:

.. highlight:: shell

============
Installation
============


Stable release
--------------

To install dask-image, run this command in your terminal:

.. code-block:: console

    $ conda install -c conda-forge dask-image

This is the preferred method to install dask-image, as it will always install
the most recent stable release.

If you don't have `conda`_ installed, we recommend downloading and installing it
with the conda-forge distribution `Miniforge here`_.

Alternatively, you can install dask-image with pip:

.. code-block:: console

    $ python -m pip install dask-image

If you don't have `pip`_ installed, this `Python installation guide`_
can guide you through the process.

.. _conda: https://conda.io/en/latest/
.. _Miniforge here: https://conda-forge.org/download/
.. _pip: https://pip.pypa.io
.. _Python installation guide:
http://docs.python-guide.org/en/latest/starting/installation/


From sources
------------

The sources for dask-image can be downloaded from the `Github repo`_.

You can either clone the public repository:

.. code-block:: console

    $ git clone git://github.com/dask/dask-image

Or download the `tarball`_:

.. code-block:: console

    $ curl  -OL https://github.com/dask/dask-image/tarball/main

Once you have a copy of the source, you can install it with:

.. code-block:: console

    $ cd dask-image
    $ python -m pip install .


.. _Github repo: https://github.com/dask/dask-image
.. _tarball: https://github.com/dask/dask-image/tarball/main
