docs/quickstart.rst, before:

.. highlight:: shell

==========
Quickstart
==========


Importing dask-image
--------------------
Import dask image is with an underscore, like this example:

.. code-block:: python

    import dask_image.imread
    import dask_image.ndfilters


Dask Examples
-------------
We highly recommend checking out the dask-image-quickstart.ipynb notebook
(and any other dask-image example notebooks) at the dask-examples repository.
You can find the dask-image quickstart notebook in the ``applications`` folder
of this repository:

https://github.com/dask/dask-examples

The direct link to the notebook file is here:

https://github.com/dask/dask-examples/blob/master/applications/image-processing.ipynb

All the example notebooks are available to launch with
mybinder and test out interactively.


An Even Quicker Start
---------------------

You can read files stored on disk into a dask array
by passing the filename, or regex matching multiple filenames
into ``imread()``.

.. code-block:: python

    filename_pattern = 'path/to/image-*.png'
    images = dask_image.imread.imread(filename_pattern)

If your images are parts of a much larger image,
dask can stack, concatenate or block chunks together:
http://docs.dask.org/en/latest/array-stack.html


Calling dask-image functions is also easy.

.. code-block:: python

    import dask_image.ndfilters
    blurred_image = dask_image.ndfilters.gaussian_filter(images, sigma=10)


Many other functions can be applied to dask arrays.
See the dask_array_documentation_ for more detail on general array operations.

.. _dask_array_documentation: http://docs.dask.org/en/latest/array.html

.. code-block:: python

    result = function_name(images)


Further Reading
---------------

Good places to start include:

* The dask-image API documentation: http://image.dask.org/en/latest/api.html
* The documentation on working with dask arrays: http://docs.dask.org/en/latest/array.html


Talks and Slides
----------------

Here are some talks and slides that you can watch to learn dask-image:

- 2020, Genevieve Buckley's talk at PyConAU and SciPy Japan

  - `Watch the talk <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpjgzNeISeI&list=PLs4CJRBY5F1IEFq-wumrBDRCu2EqkpY-R&index=2>`_
  - `See the slides <https://genevievebuckley.github.io/dask-image-talk-2020>`_

- 2019, John Kirkham's SciPy talk

  - `Watch the talk <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGUS174vvLs>`_
  - `See the slides <https://nbviewer.ipython.org/format/slides/github/jakirkham/scipy2019/blob/master/slides.ipynb#/>`_

Commit message:

DOCUMENTATION: Additional contents of #169
SciPy Japan 2020

docs/quickstart.rst, after:

.. highlight:: shell

==========
Quickstart
==========


Importing dask-image
--------------------
Import dask image is with an underscore, like this example:

.. code-block:: python

    import dask_image.imread
    import dask_image.ndfilters


Dask Examples
-------------
We highly recommend checking out the dask-image-quickstart.ipynb notebook
(and any other dask-image example notebooks) at the dask-examples repository.
You can find the dask-image quickstart notebook in the ``applications`` folder
of this repository:

https://github.com/dask/dask-examples

The direct link to the notebook file is here:

https://github.com/dask/dask-examples/blob/master/applications/image-processing.ipynb

All the example notebooks are available to launch with
mybinder and test out interactively.


An Even Quicker Start
---------------------

You can read files stored on disk into a dask array
by passing the filename, or regex matching multiple filenames
into ``imread()``.

.. code-block:: python

    filename_pattern = 'path/to/image-*.png'
    images = dask_image.imread.imread(filename_pattern)

If your images are parts of a much larger image,
dask can stack, concatenate or block chunks together:
http://docs.dask.org/en/latest/array-stack.html


Calling dask-image functions is also easy.

.. code-block:: python

    import dask_image.ndfilters
    blurred_image = dask_image.ndfilters.gaussian_filter(images, sigma=10)


Many other functions can be applied to dask arrays.
See the dask_array_documentation_ for more detail on general array operations.

.. _dask_array_documentation: http://docs.dask.org/en/latest/array.html

.. code-block:: python

    result = function_name(images)


Further Reading
---------------

Good places to start include:

* The dask-image API documentation: http://image.dask.org/en/latest/api.html
* The documentation on working with dask arrays: http://docs.dask.org/en/latest/array.html


Talks and Slides
----------------

Here are some talks and slides that you can watch to learn dask-image:

- 2020, Genevieve Buckley's talk at PyConAU and SciPy Japan

  - `Watch the talk in PyConAU <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpjgzNeISeI&list=PLs4CJRBY5F1IEFq-wumrBDRCu2EqkpY-R&index=2>`_
  - `Scipy Japanのトークを見る(プレゼンテーション:英語, 字幕:日本語) <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dP0m2iZX0PU>`_
  - `See the slides <https://genevievebuckley.github.io/dask-image-talk-2020>`_

- 2019, John Kirkham's SciPy talk

  - `Watch the talk <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGUS174vvLs>`_
  - `See the slides <https://nbviewer.ipython.org/format/slides/github/jakirkham/scipy2019/blob/master/slides.ipynb#/>`_
